Removes mesosize and cfize (#9557)
habitat-sh/habitat: components/docs-chef-io/content/habitat/pkg_exports.md

+++
title = "Exporting Packages"

> description = "Export Chef Habitat packages to Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, or as a tarball "

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description = "Export Chef Habitat packages to Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, or as a tar file"
```
